### 1. 
- Q: I've ran your http://pdfbuzzer.py and realize that it generates a lot of test pdf files. I do realise that this is the result of you randomly changing a byte in the stream generated by pdf-parser -g. This results in the test pdf files being generated - please do let me know if my understanding is correct. 

- A. I first converted some PDF samples I collected to Python using pdf-parser. The command to do this is:
```python3 pdf-parser -g sample_corpus.pdf > sample_corpus.py```. This converts pdf to a Python script that creates the parsed PDF file. This uses `cPDF` class defined in pdfbuzzer.py. You can see some generated samples in `pys/` folder. Now, in `pdfbuzzer.py`, I import these `.py` files from `pys` folder, and I am just calling the function by `eval`'ng them. As expected, this return a pdf file. The pdf-parser converts the streams inside a pdf into `cPDF.stream(index, version, streamdata, dictionary)` structure. And when we eval the function from py file, the `stream` function mutates/fuzzes the `streamdata` using `bitman_` function. Check this line: https://github.com/ant4g0nist/fuzzing-pdfs-like-its-1990s/blob/main/pdfbuzzer.py#L86. And in pdfbuzzer.py, there's a for loop here: https://github.com/ant4g0nist/fuzzing-pdfs-like-its-1990s/blob/main/pdfbuzzer.py#L216. This for loop just generates n number of fuzzed pdf files.

### 2.
- Q: I didn't manage to get a good understanding of the documentation of Didier's application, but what was the exact command that you used for the generation of py files?
For example, pdf-parser -g <folder of pdfs>?
- A. This is the syntax: ```python3 pdf-parser -g sample_corpus.pdf > sample_corpus.py```

### 3.
- Q: I'd like to ask about your test set-up regarding pdf viewers / renderers. Since you have fuzzed Preview before, I presume that you likely 
a. Fed these automatically generated pdf files into viewer apps like Preview 
b. Checked for code coverage 
c. Checked for crashes
I am wondering about your setups for b,c - because to my understanding, pdf-parser isn't the one being tested here - it is used as a generator to be passed into other pdf viewers, right?
- A. Yes, you are right. We are not fuzzing the pdf parsers here. The idea behind this type of fuzzing is not to fuzz the pdf parsers, but the parsers behind the stream parsing. I used this fuzzer to fuzz the CoreGraphics/libFontParser etc in iOS/macOS. I did this via MobileSafari and Preview. I built custom frameworks to do this. I used this fuzzer with no code-coverage :) My framework used pdfbuzzer inside a flask server and returned pdf file as a response to an api call and served it in `browser`. 